# Feedback-Driven Shells in Dwarf Galaxies: Cataloging Hα and Mid-Infrared Morphology of HI Holes
## Tyler Donahue, University of California, San Diego; Mansi Padave, University of California, San Diego; Karin Sandstrom, University of California, San Diego.
Stellar feedback in dwarf galaxies drives the formation of holes and cavities in their interstellar medium (ISM). Around ~300 holes have been previously identified in the atomic gas distribution of 41 LITTLE THINGS dwarf galaxies using HI-21 cm imaging. Characterizing the distribution and morphology of ionized gas using Hɑ and dust using IRAC can reveal how different phases of the ISM respond to stellar feedback. Here, we investigate the ionized gas and dust distribution around 50 HI-detected holes in 6 dwarf galaxies from the LITTLE THINGS sample. We classify the morphologies of holes as bubble-like, clumpy, and diffuse. We find that 32% showed a diffuse emission in their Hɑ distribution while 14% showed a clumpy distribution. We also find 22% with shells in the ionized gas that we classify as bubble-like, however, the centers of the Hɑ shells appear offset relative to the center of the HI hole. Cumulative profiles of Hɑ emission show a kink near the edge of the HI hole for bubble-like morphologies, suggesting a brightened rim where material swept up due to SN feedback is likely situated. Future exploration of energy input from underlying stellar populations and resolved kinematic analysis will help reveal how stellar feedback shapes the multi-phase ISM in low-mass systems.
